# How to review conformance results

## Technical Requirements

1. Verify that the list of files matches the
[expected list](https://github.com/cncf/k8s-conformance/blob/master/instructions.md#contents-of-the-pr).

2. Note the `vX.Y` subdirectory that the PR is in, this is the version of
Kubernetes for which conformance is being claimed, referenced as the
"Conformance Version" from hereon.

3. Verify that the Conformance Version is the current or previous version of
Kubernetes.

4. Look at `version.txt`.  Verify that the `major.minor` component of the
`server` version exactly matches the Conformance Version.

5. Look at `version.txt`.  Verify that the `major.minor` component of the
`client` version (which represents the Kubernetes version of the e2e tests that
were run) is equal to or greater than the Conformance Version.

6. Verify that the last line of `e2e.log` says "SUCCESS! -- `N` Passed | 0
Failed | 0 Pending | `M` Skipped PASS".  The exact value of `N` and `M` don't
matter as long as we see `0 Failed | 0 Pending`.

When a submission meets all technical requirements, reply to the pull request
with a `+1` to indicate that the technical review is complete.

## Policy Requirements

1. Confirm that the vendor is currently a
[member](https://www.cncf.io/about/members/) of CNCF. If they are not, request
that they reach out to memberships@cncf.io to become a member in order to
complete their certification. (Companies can alternatively pay a certfication
fee equal to the cost of membership if, for whatever reason, they don't wish to
become a CNCF member.) Alternatively, non-profit organizations (including community
distributions like Debian) can certify at no cost.

Review the `PRODUCT.yaml` file, and:

2. Verify that there is a Participation Form on file for the `vendor`, and that
the vendor is in good standing in the program.

3. Verify the product `name` and `website_url` are listed in the
"Qualifying Offerings" section of the vendor's Participation Form, i.e. that
the `name` and `website_url` are listed.

4. Review the `name`. If it contains the word "Kubernetes" in a non-descriptive
fashion, verify that the `name` is listed in "Participant Kubernetes
Combinations" section of the vendor's Participation Form.

If the submission doesn't meet all policy requirements, reply with a message indicating "Signed participation form needed", "Files missing from PR", "Membership in CNCF or confirmation of non-profit status needed", etc.

## Tasks to Complete After Review

1. Update the Kubernetes Distributions & Platforms [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/a/linuxfoundation.org/spreadsheets/d/1LxSqBzjOxfGx3cmtZ4EbB_BGCxT_wlxW_xgHVVa23es/edit) to reflect the vendor's certified offering.

2. Add the vendor's logo to https://www.cncf.io/certification/software-conformance/

3. Add the vendor's listing to https://kubernetes.io/partners/#dist

4. Add a comment saying "You are now Certified Kubernetes" and merge the PR.
